Explanation around progbuf sequences to access capabilities (#1040)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/debug-integration.adoc

These requirements allow a debugger to read and write capabilities in integer
registers without disturbing other registers.  These requirements may be
relaxed if some other means of accessing capabilities in integer registers,
such as an extension of the Access Register abstract command, is added.

The following sequences demonstrate how a debugger can read and write a capability
in `{creg}1` if `MXLEN` is 64, `hartinfo.dataaccess` is 0, `hartinfo.dataaddr` is

> 0xBF0, `hartinfo.datasize` is 1, `hartinfo.nscratch` is 1, `dmstatus.impebreak` is 0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0xBF0, `hartinfo.datasize` is 1, `hartinfo.nscratch` is at least 1, `dmstatus.impebreak` is 0,
```

----

The low `MXLEN` bits of a capability are read and written using normal Access
Register abstract commands.

The above instruction sequences utilize these guarantees provided by
the _RISC-V Debug Specification_:

* When `hartinfo.nscratch` is greater than 0, the <<dscratch0_y>>
  is guaranteed to retain its value within a single abstract command.

+
If <<dscratch0_y>> were known to be preserved between abstract commands,
it would be possible to remove the requirements on `hartinfo.datasize`,
`hartinfo.dataaccess`, and `abstractcs.progbufsize`, however, there is
no way to discover the former property.

> * Executon of Access Register abstract command does not alter the values of `data`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Execution of Access Register abstract commands does not alter the values of `data`
```
